Update storage-configuration.md (#9815)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: azure-sql/virtual-machines/windows/storage-configuration.md

Review [Troubleshoot a full transaction log](/sql/relational-databases/logs/troubleshoot-a-full-transaction-log-sql-server-error-9002) if your log becomes full. 

> ### Unable to Enable Storage Configuration from the Azure Portal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The Storage pane for the SQL virtual machines resource is unavailable in the Azure Portal
```

> When TCP/IP is disabled, the storage configuration will fail to set up. Review SQL Server configuration manager to check TCP/IP Settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storage configuration for the SQL virtual machines resource in the Azure portal isn't available in the following scenarios: 
- Virtual machines with self-installed SQL Server instances. Currently, only SQL Server VM images from Azure marketplace are supported.  
- SQL Server VMs using Premium SSDv2. Currently, only SQL Server VMs with Premium SSD are supported. 
- When TCP/IP is disabled in SQL Server Configuration Manager. 
```
